todos.md, before:

## TODO
- [x] Workers see district buttons
- [ ] District built by workers
- [ ] Districts drawn on map
- [ ] Districts drawn very by era / culture / buildings present
- [ ] Districts limited by tech
- [ ] Districts limited by distance to cities
- [ ] City buildings limited by Districts
- [ ] Districts give yields to cities
- [ ] Districts can be pillaged
- [ ] Naval districts built by workers
- [ ] AI builds Districts
- [ ] (maybe?) show Wonders on tile (as small, in corner part) nearby city, though creation doesn't change, and tile not consumed


## Districts
- Campus
  - Library
  - University
  - Research Lab
- Holy Site
  - Temple
  - Cathedral
- Encampment
  - Barracks
  - SAM Missile Battery
- Commercial Hub
  - Marketplace
  - Bank
  - Stock Exchange
- Harbor
  - Harbor (?)
  - Commercial Dock
  - Offshort Platform
  - Coastal Fortress
- Industrial Zone
  - Factory
  - Manufacturing Plant
  - Power plants
  - Recycling Center
- Entertainment Complex
  - Colosseum
- Aerodrome
  - Airport
- Neighborhood

- Water Park (?)
- Aquaduct (?)
- Canal (?)
- Dam (?)
- Spaceport (?)
- Waterfront (?)
- Arsenal (?)
- Theater Square (?)


## Limiting to tech/advances
- Use same strategy as C3X config for units/buildings (find_game_object_id_by_name to find tech IDs)

Commit message:

trying to patch m12_draw_tile_buildings

todos.md, after:

## TODO
- [x] Workers see district buttons
- [ ] District built by workers
- [ ] Districts drawn on map
- [ ] Districts drawn very by era / culture / buildings present
- [ ] Districts limited by tech
- [ ] Districts limited by distance to cities
- [ ] City buildings limited by Districts
- [ ] Districts give yields to cities
- [ ] Districts can be pillaged, buildings lost, ruins shown
- [ ] Workers can enter coastal sea tiles
- [ ] Naval districts built by workers
- [ ] AI builds Districts
- [ ] (maybe?) show Wonders on tile (as small, in corner part) nearby city, though creation process doesn't change, and tile not consumed


## Districts
- Campus
  - Library
  - University
  - Research Lab
- Holy Site
  - Temple
  - Cathedral
- Encampment
  - Barracks
  - SAM Missile Battery
- Commercial Hub
  - Marketplace
  - Bank
  - Stock Exchange
- Harbor
  - Harbor (?)
  - Commercial Dock
  - Offshort Platform
  - Coastal Fortress
- Industrial Zone
  - Factory
  - Manufacturing Plant
  - Power plants
  - Recycling Center
- Entertainment Complex
  - Colosseum
- Aerodrome
  - Airport
- Neighborhood

- Water Park (?)
- Aquaduct (?)
- Canal (?)
- Dam (?)
- Spaceport (?)
- Waterfront (?)
- Arsenal (?)
- Theater Square (?)


## Limiting to tech/advances
- Use same strategy as C3X config for units/buildings (find_game_object_id_by_name to find tech IDs)


param_1: 0000023C
param_2: 23
param_3: 10253728
